Handbook - Add references section (#16)
mia-care/documentation: docs/p4samd/handbook/references.md

---
id: references
title: References
sidebar_label: References
---

# References

## Overview

> This table provides an overview of different references for the project, displaying their name, URL, and category. You are able to have access to the references table on the product page by navigating to the **reference** tab.

Author: ```suggestion
This table provides an overview of different references for the project, displaying their name, URL, and category. From this section, you have access to the references table on the product page by navigating to the **reference** tab.
```

![Reference table](img/reference.png)

## 1. Create a Reference

1. **Click the "Add reference" Button**  
   This will open the modal to create a new reference.

2. **Fill in the Required Fields**  

>    In the modal, you need to fill out the **Reference Title** field.  

Author: ```suggestion
   In the modal, you need to fill out the **Reference title** field.  
```

>    Fill in the required fields as needed  ![Add reference](img/add_reference.png)

Author: In the image there is a lot of empty space between the last field and the buttons, maybe we can trim the image to just show the three fields without the buttons at the bottom.

   Choose a category between the available ones:
    - Plan
    - SOP
    - Standard
    - Regulation
    - Guideline
    - Other

3. **Save the New Reference**  
   Once you've completed the form, click the **"Add Reference"** button at the end of the modal to create and save the new reference.

## 2. Reference Table
For each reference, the following informations are available:

> - **Title**(required): The name of the reference.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Title** (required): The name of the reference.
```

> - **URL**: The path to the refernce

Author: ```suggestion
- **URL**: The URL to the reference web page
```

> - **Category**(required): The category of the reference.<br/> 

Author: ```suggestion
- **Category** (required): The category of the reference.<br/> 
```

## 3. Reference Actions

> You are able to edit the refernce or delete it if needed. By removing the reference it will deleted from the list of references and you are not able to retrive it!

Author: ```suggestion
On the last column, you can click on the icons to edit or remove a reference, if needed. Be careful: once removed, a reference is permanently deleted and cannot be recovered.
```
